Part A: Java Programming
1-1. Write a program to find the distance between two points.
3-2. Write java program to display Fibonacci series up to a limit.
9-3. Write a program to merge two arrays.
11-4. Write java program to find the sum of the digits and reverse of a given number using class and objects.
13-5. Create a class ‘Account’ to represent a bank account. Write a program to deposit and withdraw amounts from the account. 
15-6--. Create a class Time with hh, mm, ss as data members. Write a java program to find the sum of two time intervals (Hint: Use object as parameter to function). 
16-7. Write a program to count and display total number of objects created to a class (Hint: static members).
17-8. Write a java program to find the volume of cube, rectangular box, cylinder using function overloading. 
18-9. Create a class student with methods to read and display the student details. Create a derived class result with methods to read marks of 5 subjects. Write a java program to display the total and grade of students, creating objects of class result. 
21-10. Write a program to demonstrate the order in which constructors are invoked in multilevel inheritance. 
22-11. Create an abstract class shape with two data members and an abstract method area. Create two child classes rectangle and triangle. Write a program to display the area of the shapes. 
24-12--. Create a class factorial with a method that accept a number and return its factorial in a package P1. Using the factorial class, write a program to find the factorial of a number. 
26-13. Write a multi thread java program for displaying numbers ascending and descending order (Hint: create thread by inheriting Thread class).
27-14. Write a program to handle arithmetic exception. 
28-15--. Create a user defined exception ‘MinBalExp’ to be invoked when the read number is less than a pre-set value.
30-16--. Write a program to copy a file to another. Pass the file names as command line arguments. 
31-17--. Write a program to track keyboard events on an applet.
32-18--. Write an applet to display a rectangle with specified coordinate and colour passed as parameter from the HTML file. 
33-19. Create an AWT application to add, remove items in a list box.
35-20. Design a window to accept the qualifications of a user using checkboxes. 
36-21. Create an applet for a displaying smiling face.  
39-22--. Create a database table employee (id, name, design, dept). Write a program to list the employees using JDBC. 



